add mouse lemur blog (#276)
brainglobe/brainglobe.github.io: docs/source/blog/mouse-lemur-added.md

![axolotl brain atlas annotations](./images/mouse_lemur_3d.png)

**Figure 1. Three-dimensional view of the Nadkarni mouse lemur MRI atlas using `brainrender-napari`, with the template image overlaid with just the right hemisphere of the annotations.**

Note that the reference image (as seen in Figure 1.) contains more than just the brain, so it may not be a good registration target for `brainreg`!

## How do I use the new atlas?

You can use the mouse lemur atlas for visualisation like other BrainGlobe atlases. To visualise the atlas, you could follow the steps below:

* Install BrainGlobe ([instructions](/documentation/index))

> * Open napari and follow the steps in our [download tutorial](/tutorials/manage-atlases-in-GUI.md) for the prairie vole atlas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open napari and follow the steps in our [download tutorial](/tutorials/manage-atlases-in-GUI.md) for the mouse lemur atlas
```
